Christian Daher

1. After account is deleted the user is able to log back in using the same credentials, but the user file is deleted and the program has issues

2. Possible source of "null.ser(access denied)" exception discovered: when the user finalizes, logs out and then logs in, a duplicate user file called "null.ser" is created

3. Clear button should be greyed out in full map view

4. Delete account button should be greyed out in help view

Ben Florek
5. Start up the program on help menu
	
6.reset button should be greyed on individual bracket

7.delete account should be moved to logout screen

8.Add buttons to a collection of some kind (arraylist, group)

9.User credentials should be cleared from login screen after logging out** (Joe as add on) other software may not do this(depending on the software)

10..dynamically resize buttons to window resize(FIXED, not implemented)

Joe Mitchell

1) Also found #1

2) There should also be a total number of characters needed for the username:) (User can create usernames with length of 1 character XD)

3) The blue lines in the full bracket do not fit nicely with all of the team names(New Mexico St.).

4) Still do not see the scores of each team after finalization(Probably needed another week for this anyway:))

5) Multiple finalizing creates multiples of the user in the scoreboard.(Finalize it three times you see each user three times in scoreboard(copies of user))

6) Can create user's with the same password(Probably not super secure:O)

7) Should have the division buttons replicate the US map (East be in the east, South be directly south, ect.)

8) Buttons are not placed in one area.

9) The brackets do not resize with the window.

Vrej:
11. The logout button isn't greyed out in the login menu, this was fixed by me, but another commit seems to have broken it again. (Vrej)

Thien Dang 

1. Currently when the window resizes the buttons resizes along with the window.(This is not a bug, and was an intented feature.)

Nikolas Brisbois

	1. Password should not except spaces 
	
	2. Unable to get out of help page
	
	3. if user logs out in help page, the delete account and log button will be the only things not grayed out if they log back in or create a new account
	
	4. Password should not remain when user logs out
	
	5. Simulating the bracket should remove all account and the button should tell the user the round will end if they simulate 

